Translation
Baby myohs: miles
Gappa gamma: grandpa grandma
Attie dayo: aunt Danielle
Hockadockadoooo: rooster noise
Honk Honk!: I'm happy
Cool: school
Cary: scary
Pooky keleton: spooky skeleton
Carry you: carry me

We would look for rabbits after work every day and whenever he saw one he would point yell "YABBIT"

When he poops he clenched both fists tight and grunts then when it plops down he always says "poop is kinky (stinky)" and makes a mixed disgusted and amused face

Recites "brown bear brown bear what do YOU see" then giggles while I read "I see a red bird looking at me" for every page

Mommy and daddy got MARRIED? *tilts head*

(To a small lego figurine) "happy birthday to… this man! Happy birthday to this man!"

Comes into our room and announces: "mama, mama, mama, dada needs to come into your room to get some clothes, ok??"

Every day I bring max a fig bar after school. He's transitioned over the months
extreme delight and surprise
"do you have a fig bar Dada?"
"whatchu got for me Dada?" *holds out hand*


*Doing flashcards for awhile, max starting to get bored*
*Flash a balloon*
Dad: What's this?
Max barely looking: apple
Dad: that's not an apple! *tickle him*
Max laughing: uhhh a penguin!
*tickle, more laughing*
Max: a bear!
*tickling laughing*
Max: a egg!

Max holds a flashcard over his eyes while reading his favorite book puffin rock and starts reciting the book word for word blindfolded, laughing after each page

"Dada is my son!"

Christmas 2021 max names his toy t-rex "honkadonna"

The next day he decides that is the whales name not the t Rex

Singing lullaby songs from spotify (songs for rosie) – as each one would start he'd say: "dis one is my favorite" even though he hadn't heard any of them before.

"Dada when you get married you get glasses?"

Things max has said to refer to r2d2
Arty tooty
White wall-e
Peepoo teetoo
Bee bee teetoo

When putting a fake band-aid on injury "upchup cha! Upchup chah!" Like peso in octonauts

At bedtime max always says "one more time" for books so I make him shake hands and promise to this being the last time. When he wants to read a book again now he usually says "deal?" Or "promise?" And offers his hand. However if he's feeling feisty sometimes he will yell aggressively "SHAKE MY HAND"


Mirror - "meerah" like a Boston frat boy

"I'm gonna go for a jog" *sprints around kitchen for 2 minutes*

Max cries for dad at 3am. He has to poop. We go onto the potty and he has 30 straight farts without poop, laughing after every single one. After a particularly loud fart he giggles and says "it sounds like dadas car!"

Things mama never thought she'd say: "You can't have a hamburger in the bathtub."bathtub."

A plumber is over working on our toilet, and there's some sewage smell. Max comes into the room and yells "daddy your friend is tinky (stinky)"

The next day "dada where is your friend? The yucky one"

Car bumper = bonker
Lollipop = wally pop


Max says "I want a lot of" instead of "I want a lot" or "I want a lot of crackers" every time

When something doesn't taste good or he just doesn't want to eat something he says it's "poisonous dart frog"


Chewbacca = monster friend

Talking about his dreams one morning: "I was tripping… and there was a 'pooky ghost… and he had a light saber… and he cut my arm off!"

No dadda I want to call him milesy not milo

Milesy! I'm so happy you're here!

I put on Louis Armstrong La vie en rose and max goes "is dat wall e?"

We read a book called "sheep in a jeep" now max has a toy jeep that he only refers to as "sheep and a sheep"


"member dis?" *does anything*


*are you sleeping brother john*
Miles is pizza
Miles is pizza
Yes he is
Yes he is
Sausage pepperoni
Sausage pepperoni
Pizza kid
Pizza kid



*odd splashing coming from the bathroom after max goes potty*
Me: is everything alright in there max?
Max: don't come in here Dada!
I enter the bathroom
Max has his pants at his ankle and is trying to plunge his pee down the toilet


Hajacotto = avocado


Occilating fan = windy couch

Leprechaun = leopard con

Max: "Dada I see your dirty butt it's behind you"

Max quietly wakes me up at 4:15am: "Dada can we have a dance party"

Dan peels the rest of a half eaten, over ripe banana and hands it to Miles.
Max: hey! I want a dirty banana!

While eating his second helping of mac and cheese for breakfast… Max: My food is mixing into poop, mommy!"

Whobody wants this?

Max has been having nightmares about a "black eagle" outside his window. We figured out he means a pigeon

Dad: I had so much fun picking up garbage with you today
Max (2): yeah, it was so fun
Dad: goodnight, I love you
Max: I love you too, daddy


Happy birthday cake daddy!



Musbeard: mustache

Every night after books "Dada will you tay here a little while"

Monkey monster game is Max's favorite memory of Minnesota trip


Miles (8months) laughs like crazy whenever I say "cheez its?!"

On the way home from Sylvie's birthday party.
Max: mommy, are you finking what I'm finking?
Becky: I don't know. Maybe. What are you thinking?
Max: I was finking… that I love you!
Becky: (heart explodes) aww I was thinking that too! I love you!

Yummy yummy = aladdin

4/30/22 miles first tooth!

Reading a book
D: they're doing yoga, do you do yoga at school?
Max: no. Ill play yoga when I'm a grown up
…..
I'm not a grown up yet


Max thinks "hit" and "hate" are the same. For example, "I HIT GOING POTTY" *strikes the toilet*

"whobody wants an orange?"

I gave max some chocolate milk and he puts his hands on his cheeks like home alone and goes "chocolate miiiiiiiiiilk!" Then starts giggling

"cashews are like rainbows!"

Max playing with slime making an absolute mess
Momma: max I think we should put this away and eat dinner
Max: momma, I love you, but I need to do this


Max (3): can I feed elephants with you someday daddy?

Max jack and Lola bickering and crying
Dad: "what's going on over there kids?"
Max:"we're being rude!"

Max calls the rainbow tunnel a "raccoon" instead of "cocoon" as he pretends to turn from a caterpillar into a "black and yellow" (butterfly)

Max (3) new favorite dinosaur is carnotaurus because Karem got him a toy carnotaurus and dilophosaurus. He calls it "crunchasaurus" and makes me read those pages in the dino books

Hairtops = triceratops

Max(3): I love you Dada
Dad: I love you too buddy
Max: I love momma
Dad: I do too buddy
….
….
Max: I want to see her boobs

Max (3)
I love you dadda
And I also love momma
Mommas are great and our momma is great
And I love our momma

Max(3) talking about our camera
Dat blue fing says kkk! And then it is a blue and red light

Max (3) started calling miles (0) "my squishy squishy"

Incusting = disgusting

Adult drink = coffee or booze

Dad walking Lola and max and picking flowers.
Red wing blackbird divebombs dad twice when he gets too close to a nest. Max talks the whole way home about how he wants dad to go near the baby birds and momma birds so the daddy bird will "peck your hair" again

Bedtime max always says "the beluga will eat the black eagle if they come"

Bedtime I give max a big hug and say I'm squishing you and he says "don't squish me or you will make mine heart break"

Max wakes me up at 6am
Me "did you go to the potty yet max?"
Max "Dada before we go potty you have to 'tand on dat ting" *points to scale*

*max holds Becky's bra over his chest *
"look at me I'm momma!"

Dada "max do you want some more of your smoothie?"
Max "put it in the garbage because I had a little bit and it was so yucky"

Grandma: max what's your favorite animal?
Max: Rats!

Every night max says "Dada will you 'tay in here a little while?" All cute to try to get me to stay in bed with him. Usually I will once every couple of weeks until he falls asleep. One night he says it and when I say no he immediately gets angry and says "DADA YOU HAVEN'T 'TAYED IN HERE FOR A LITTLE WHILE IN A LONG DAY"

*Max (3) leaving the playground*
Bye Conrad! Do you like my bike? It's from the binky fairy!

Grandma putting max to sleep
"grandma you sneak down and get me some milk. If you sneak they won't see you"

Max on his first day of school, cocksure
"I'm gonna call my teachers dumb guy!"
*cries at dropoff*

Max (3) "I'm a baby trex and you're a dadda t rex"
Dad "were there other baby trex at school today?"
M "yes"
D "what were their names?"
M  "fuck and fuck and fuck and fuck and dumb and fuck and dumb and fuck"

Sees an older kid playing basketball at Suder playground wearing a Star Wars shirt.
Max: "excuse me 'der guy!! I like your shirt!"

Toy playing song: beep beep beep, we're going on a musical adventure!
Max (3), rageful: I'M NOT GOING ON A MUSICAL ADVENTURE

Max said shoo to me like I was a common house fly

Watching Dancing with the Stars with mom… "Mama… can you dance like that??"


Reasons the "funny guy" isn't up by the car wash anymore: "maybe he was dancing too much."
"Maybe he had to go to the doctor."
"Maybe the construction workers took him down to take a rest."
"Maybe when you pick me up the struction workers will put the funny guy back up."
"Maybe his whole body needs a jacket so he can be warm."

*loud crashes downstairs at 6am*
Max (3): mama!.... Mama!.... Mama!....MAMA!
Mom: yes max?
Max: I'm destroying your house!

Max(3): Dada, do they squeeze da bees into honey *pinches fingers* den we eat it?

Max (3) when I grow up I will still be with you. And then there will be THREE GROWN UPS!

Max (3) I love momma and you and Miles and dinner

Max (3): Dada when you're done with this story will you scratch my back?
Me: sure buddy
Max: can I see your nails?
*examines them, frowns*
Why do you always CUT THEM?!!

Max (3): today at school I saw a human named pearl suck her thumb like this! *sucks thumb then cackles* She was pretending to be a baby

Hannah "here's your present max, it's Harry potter!"
Max "look dad! It's Para chotty!"

Grandpa (72): once you eat some eggs I'll let you have some chips
*continues eating chips
Max (3), getting teary eyed: but you're eating all of them!
Grandpa: all you have to do is have a bite of eggs and I'll give you some
*continues eating chips
Max, crying inconsolably: but grandpa you're getting crumbs EVERYWHERE!

Dad: guess who's coming over today!
Max: who?
Dad: auntie Katie!
Max gasps, then "oh that's my husband!"

Every time we get in the car max opens the gas cap and "checks" it then says "we still have gas dada"

Max to Heidi as she leaves for her flight. "Will you come back again? But without auntie Kyle next time?"

Max mad at mom for not letting him watch a show: "Go in the toilet and be flushed!"

Max (3): daddy pretend you're a donkey and I'll be a ghost

Miles (1):
Vv Vv! = woof woof / dog

Max(3), seriously: daddy you are so silly

Dad (35): I love you buddy, good night
Max (3), sighs with exasperation: yeah you too

Max (3) did you know that struction workers built this house for us?

Max calls Waldo "elbone"

Max (3) daddy you're a zero

Max (3) giggles uncontrollably at a Kevin Hart commercial where he barks like a dog

Max (3) caresses his 4 stuffed animals in bed. "Dada I love to sleep with mine stuffies"

Max (3) dada momma is better at reading than you

Max (3) kicking me in bed
Dad "max stop kicking me"
Max "I want you to COOCH!"

Dad: max will you scooch a little bit?
Max: but I want to be by you

Miles (1)
"dododododododoh" = don't eat my nose
"uppuh uppuh uppuh" = up


Max: miles and me are carnivores that eat socks

Max: those aren't black olives! Those are grapes with holes!
Max (3.5): 5 and 4 makes 9!

Max (3.5)
Dada!
Dada!
Dada!
DADA!
look in mine eyes Dada!"


Miles (18mo)
Diaper = bapoo
Apple = apoo

While playing UNO on the floor at Aunt Danielle's… Max, 3: well, FUCK. *sigh*
Asked where he heard that word: "my friend at school used that word"

Putting cinnamon sugar on Max's toast
"ENOUGH, DADA! Enough."

Dada (34) ok buddy goodnight
Max (3) come on Dada, one more story for the road

When he wants the car to go fast, Max says: I want to go sonic!

Miles (1.5) is exhausted and we just read a book. He gets on his knees and blows me a kiss to tell me to leave

Max: dada has a lot of cool tools!! One day, When I'm a dada, I'm going to have cool tools too! But then my shoes won't fit me anymore.

Max had diarrhea and didn't make it to the bathroom on time. While Becky cleaned up his pants and all the liquid poop on the floor she reminded Max to head to the bathroom as soon as he feels poop coming.
Max: "I did run, but the poop was faster than me! I was only human fast and my poop was sonic fast."


Miles (1.5) says Banana by flicking his tongue over his lips over and over "blalulalulalulalalu"

Max (3.5) let's play soccer dada, I'm the orca team and you're the wocky bucks

Max (3.5) mommy I want to buy a sister. I want a brudder AND a sister

Max (3.5) tries to crawl into our bed at midnight
Dad: it's the middle of the night, did you have a bad dream?
Max: no
Das: ok let's go back to sleep in you room
Max: but I wanna be by you. I like you guys
Dad: ok as long as you sleep

Max (3.75) why do they have binkies in football?

Max (3.75) I'm gonna teach you a song dada *plays nonsense keys extremely confidently*

Dad: max which book do you want *holds up 3*
Max (3.75) *yawns and rubs eyes* I'm too tired dadda, you just pick

Max (3.75): *while reading books in bed and he's clearly tired* Dada Im not really tired. I only get really tired after you leave


Dad: this commercial is really long
Max (3.8) it's not a commercial it's an ad

Dad starts peeing
Max(3.8): Dada you always do a big pee
*final few spurts as I finish*
Max: little pee! Little pee! Little! Little!

Max (3.75) gorilla vadille is a bad guy and she tries to get all the dogs and take their skin and make a dog jacket

Max: momma, when we go home, I don't want to go to jack and Lola's house
Mom: why not?
Max: cuz I don't like tacos

Miles (1.5)
Gookah = doggy

Max (3.8): "You have a stinky car. Get a fresh car, mama"

Miles (1.5) "agih?"
Again

"da DIH dah?"
What IS that?

Dad orders batteries to fix a dinosaur sound book that ran out of batteries. Max asks if it's done almost every day. Finally after about 3 weeks the batteries come and dad gets around to actually replacing them
Max (3.9) suspiciously and silently checks every button over 5 minutes. Then, quietly and impressed
"you really did it daddy"

Max steps on a scale
"daddy look how pounds I am"

Max (3.9) hands me a stuffed dog
"daddy can you take this puppy? I gotta get to work"

Max tickling miles toes
"this little piggy… Went home. This little piggy went to target"

Max: take this dinosaur it's unstinkable
Uncle Tommy: do you mean extinct?
Max: yeah unstinked

Max (3.99): you ruined my feelings!


Max (3.99): I love mine whole family

Max (3.99): you guys are stupid makers!

Max (3.99) I have a funny song
Everybody hates me, I am gross!
Everybody hates me, I am gross!
Don't you want to watch me eat this tablllllleeeeeee!
*vaguely to the tune of hot cross buns but clearly an original*

Max's teacher says he got in trouble today because he ate a flaming hot cheetoh off of the bathroom floor. A few minutes later I ask him about it.
Max (4) runs away yelling: "IT WAS DELICIOUS! MWAH HA HA HA!"

Becky bought slightly different Aldi-brand yogurt tubes…Max (4): "This is the most beautiful yogurt I've ever tasted!"

Max: I go to bed at 8:17 now that I'm 4

A few selections from Max watching you play basketball.
"Don't get another ouchie, Daddy!"
"That fat guy is mean."
"I want to watch dada play forever…"
Also overheard: "someone get on NASA!"

I take max to Aldi and he sees a very fat black woman with dreads
Max "Dada you played basketball with that guy"

In his defense she did look a lot like the guy I played with in my unbiased opinion

Miles (1.75)
Bap = max
Gack = jack
Nuke = milk
UppAHHHHH = up or down
Puppyyyyyyy = favorite word
Ageh = again
Sheshe = fishy

Max (4)
You just pump this and get some handsitizer

Dad (35): alright buddy have a good day
Max (4): where are you going?
Dad: I have to go work
Max: so you can pay for this house?

Max (4) sees a massive oak tree
"daddy! This tree is almost as old as grandpa!"

Max (4) water makes your whole body feel copenated

Miles
"shit!" = sit
"dyke!" = bike

Max (4) "daddy can you hold my nuts cuz I have to go to the bathroom"
*hands me a bag of almonds*

Max eating a bagel as 4 middle aged women walk into the coffee shop: "helloooo ladies"

Miles as I buckle his helmet "bye ayon! Weyuyou, ayon!"

Max (4): I hope we see a giant squid at the top of Pine Lake

Max (4): momma?
Becky: yes buddy?
Max: at grandma's house I had one hundred sausages *big smile*

Max (4): daddy, sometimes t rex eats velociraptors. And sometimes it throws velociraptors into a t rex statue and says "RAAAAAAAAWR"

Max (4): daddy you're a loser


Miles (1.99) recounts the story of when a cat jumped into our yard and avon chased him up the fence. He tells it all with wide eyes and mostly nouns

"DADDY! KI CAT! JUMP! CHASE! AYON! KI CAT! HIGH! BOWKING! OSSIDE! BAYOWD! CHASY! JUMP! PUPPY! KICAT!

Miles (2) calls veggie straws "'picy straws"

Max (4) watching football as they huddle up and call a play
"HEY! The white team is making a plan!"

Mike's (2) singing raining pouring song
"ray ray boring bonk head"

Max (4): there's only one girl in our life and it's mommy

Driving home from school pickup in the new car and Max (4), talking excitedly, says: "This is so fun. Jack and Lola are going to be like: what the fuck is this??!" 😂

Miles (2) sits on the potty for 0.1 seconds
"AH DONE! Awana amen, daddy!"
(All done! I want an m&m daddy!"

I point out a construction site as we drive
Max (4) I bet they're building a serious tower (sears tower)

Max (4) can we listen to the prince with the type of berry in it? (He means raspberry beret by prince)

I'm singing to miles at bedtime
Miles (2), impatiently "I want ago bed daddy"

Max (4) where were you?
Dad (35) I played basketball this morning
Max: was coach sweeney there? (His gym teacher)

Miles (2) calls max "boxy"

Max (4) whenever he gets really excited
"mommy, THIS IS THE BEST DAY EVER!"

Miles (2) reaching for his Halloween candy "i want some mine geeby bag daddy"

Dad (35): do you want to wear jammies?
Max (4): yeah I wanna wear these ones! *throws pj's at me*
Dad (35): ok bottoms first take off your pants
Max (4): why so you can see my penis?! *cackles*

Dad (35) points to the composer in a book "this guy wrote all the songs, he was born almost 200 years ago"
Max (4): is he dead?
Dad: yes
Max (4), thinking: do you think we can find his bones?

Listening to Eye of the Tiger, Max (4): sooo a human fights a tiger?!

Max (4) loves the pet in the lion King where simba says "we're pals right?" To Mufasa. He always repeats it to me (dad) and smirks when he hears it

Max (4) tries to steal an extra cookie so I give him a break
Max: I hope a bear eats you at the zoo!
Dad: but then I'd be dead, and you'd never see me again. Wouldn't that make you sad?
Max, thinking: yeah… I think I don't want you dead… But… How can we both be happy?

Max (4) and Miles (2) both say "COOHkie" instead of "cookie"

We have advent calendars with chocolate
Miles (2) always says
"daddy can I do my junk cada dadada

Miles (2) has a joke he always tells when we're at home over and over
"I wanna go home!"
Someone else says "we are home!"
Miles laughs and says "no! We are home!"

Miles (2) makes me draw a picture of avon barking at the kitty cat over and over


Max (4) calls underwear "unders"

Miles (2) looking at my nose hairs
"Dada you have pidowebs on you nose"

Becky (35) eating a slice of pizza with spinach on it…
Miles (2): "dat goose poop" "can I ha' a bite a yo' goose poop, mama?"

Max (4): daddy did you know I don't like fat things?
Dad (35): no I didn't!
Max: except for Callan. He's a little fat and we're still pals

Both the boys say "candy can" instead of "candy cane"

Miles (2) singing: ringy ronny Rosie, poxy posie rosy ajee ajee all fall down!

Every time miles sees an elephant he puts his arm up and sings "elephante! Elephante!"

Miles (2) can I say fuck Dada? *big smile*

Miles (2) brings me handfuls of random junk and says "make me a puppy daddy!"
Legos
Playdough
Alphabet magnets
Blocks
Hot wheels tracks

Miles (2) daddy play inky oddyoh! (Old McDonald)

Bedtime in miles (2) big boy bed
Read 2 books w his milk and binky
Turn off the lights
"Are you ready?"
He slides off my lap and walks to bed w his milk
Puts milk on the shelf, head in the corner
Under the covers and give him a smooch and he says
"Goodnight daddy"

I asked miles to go potty and he looks seriously up to me and goes "and I don't have to brush my teef"

Miles (2): I want Ferdinand Dada
*flip to page 1*
"Ferdinand sit on a bee Dada?"

Miles (2) sprinting into daycare: "I'M GONNA SEE MY FRIENDS!"

Max (4): I love you 1000%.
Becky (36): i love you 1000% too, Max
Max (4): You love really big too, momma. I know because I was in your belly and could see your heart.

Two days later… Max (age 4): you're one of the people I love the most and because I was inside your belly and I saw your heart.

Miles (2.5) points to my chest
"dis a new shirt Dada?"

Miles (2.5) got his whole daycare singing "who let the dogs out" in a conga line

Max (4.5): These takis are so hot they're making my brain melt! Quick water! I need water. I gotta cool my brain down so it can grow again!

Max (4.5) my mom cries a lot. She does happy cries a lot because she likes how cute me and Miles were when we were babies

Max (4.5) burying a gold fish
"bye fish I love you! I hope you had a good life! Have fun in heaven!"

I'm the early morning, Max comes in our room and Dan farts.
Max (4.5): Mama, come with me if you don't want to smell daddy's fart!

Becky: mama's gotta pee
Max (4.5): go pee in the bushes, bro!

Max (4.5), as Jack leaves: I love you Jack! You do funny things to me! That's why I love you!

Miles (2.5) makes me make play dough pongos 5 times a day. Then when he gets tired of them he says "can I roll pongo Dada?" Meaning roll him back into a ball

Miles(2.5) looking at Katies painting. "daddy? Dat when auntie Katie have a hot dog with a Buffalo?"

Max(4.9) I don't like fat things……. Except for Callan I like him

Dad "did you have fun at the baseball game?"
Max (4.9) yeah but the cubs are the WORST

I was showing max videos of funnel spiders on YouTube. He was laughing very hard at it eating a bug and then he goes "I'm gonna have dreams about this"

Miles (2.5) what da heck!
Dad: oh my gosh where did he learn to say that max?
Max (4.9999) probably from the big kids, they do all the cussin

"good night boys I love you"
Max yelling "GOOD NIGHT DADDY YOU'RE THE BEEEEST!"
Miles"GOONIGHDADDYODABEEEEEEHHH!"

When I read miles the doggy book he stops at the last page and points to every single one of 17 dogs and goes "and I like this doggy and I like this doggy and I like this doggy and I like…"

Miles naked slapping his thighs
Max laughing: miles why are you slapping your penis?
Miles: I'm slapping my penis cuz I'm so excited to see otto and bluey!

Miles "IT'S SO BEEEG!" (It's so big)

Max cut his upper lip, no stitches
"Miles I have to drink with a straw or else the hospital guys will be mad at me"

Miles calls vanilla = buhmilla

Max and Miles in the shower
Max "my penis gets hot SO fast""

Miles: mommy dere is a Carol out Der! (Squirrel)

Miles (2.9) calls deer "reindeer" and frogs "hoptoads"

Miles (2.9) talking in his sleep about reindeer after seeing a deer in the woods

Max (5), vaguely southern accent with a smirk. "Ders always a frog down Der"

Miles (2.9) calls me up to his bed at night and he has a stuffy collar twisted around his finger
"my finger is trapped in the target doggy dadda"

Max (5) calls algae (like in a pond or fish tank) "allergy"

Dad (36) "we're going to Dunkin donuts boys"
Miles (2.9)  singsongy "yay! Yay! Dunkin donuts! I wanna eat some JUNK!"

Mom plays a quiet ukelele song in the car
Miles (2.9) oh! This song is from bedtime!

Miles (2.9) daddy can we get some candles cuz my birthday is coming up so we need some candles and so you put some fire on it and then blow the fire off because my birthdays coming up

Both kids 88 times a day
"kyoo opedis daddy?"


1st day of school
Mom: what song did miss booyay play to make you feel better when you were sad?
Miles (3): I do not recall. It was not even we will rock you

Dan, talking to Max about sharing: You need to share with them because they share with you.When we are at their house, they share their dollhouse, and their toys, and their dog's balls, and all their toys

Max: yeah, but their house is WEIRD.

Miles (3) Yo mommas so fat that she eats an elephant

Dad trying to get miles to go to bed
"Miles let's go up and feed the fish"
Miles (3) playing Legos "I'm playing with horsies go away!"

Miles (3) with a big baby boner:
Mommy my penis is so BEEEG!
*a few seconds later*
Mommy! My penis is a cheese roll up
*.....*
Mommy! It's not a cheese roll up anymore!
Mommy my penis growed so small now!


Max: can you be two things when you grow up?
Dan: yes, why? What do you want to be?
Max: I want to be a scientist who knows a lot about math and I want to be a data scientist and I want to be a person that has kids.
Dan: a daddy?
Max: yeah!

Miles (3) tells a story and in the middle he says
Because dyouknowhy? Because …

Miles climbing the wrong way down a playground ladder
Dad (36) what are you doing buddy?
Miles (3) I just wanted to be brave like you!
Dad: being brave doesn't mean you go looking for trouble (Mufasa voice)
Miles: we're pals right?

Miles has changed his mind and would now like a "baby grill" to play with him because he's the baby boy.

Mom is crying over the baby's health
Max (5) hugs her: it's ok if the baby doesn't survive mommy, because you still have me and Miles

Miles (3) has an imaginary friend named googly dog

Dad (36) "I thought you were too big for a binky!"
Miles (3)"I need it to cover my mouth so a jaguar doesn't take it so I need it to cover my mouth"

Miles (3) says bouncealine park and lasterday

All 4 of the kids have a dog stuffy they refer to collectively as little howler

Miles (3): lemonade is an adult drink for babies. Babies don't like sour drinks.

Miles (3) referring to Benny the bull: "the one with the shaggy tail)

1am first night of christmas break miles puked everywhere started stripping him, max sat on our bed while I put miles in the bath, max puked on our bed, then miles barfed on the floor of the bathroom cuz he didn't think of the toilet as a possibility, then max started again after bat. Becky and I both just keep singing n sync merry Christmas. In the morning the kids talk all about barfing and Miles keeps calling it "burping"

Daddy if you're sick and you get some burp in your mouth you can drink some water and not bath water because it's yuck and you get some medicine so you don't have burp on your mouth and on your clothes and your cheek

Miles (3) ms booyay says we don't share food

Miles (3) max is not making good choices

Miles (3) sings the pj masks tones when pretending to be a superhero "DUN DUN derner DUN DUN"

Both kids confuse jaws and the prechorus of "can't take my eyes off of you" so I always want to say "I NEED YOU BAYYYBAY"

Dan: miles, eat your grilled cheese and tomato soup. It's yummy!
Miles: I don't want girl cheese! I don't like girl cheese. I like boy cheese! I want boy cheese!
Dan: no, GRILLED cheese, not girl cheese.
Miles: (scowls and whispers) I want boy cheese…

Max wiggles his tooth
"I have 2 wiggly ones on top"
"...."
"Wow I'm getting old"

Miles
"rejoyyyy max"

Lego land field trip miles hit the K garteners with a couple "rejoyyyy big boy miles" brought down the house


Max had a lot of questions about Michael Jackson and I had to explain to him how he died and why his dad wasn't around and like an hour later he gave me a big hug and was like "I love you daddy you're better than Michael Jackson's dad"

I was working on the toilet for like 4 straight hrs and max pokes his head in at one point and goes with 0 irony "are you having a good time daddy?"

Miles asking to listen to Nirvana: "Daddy, play the one where the money drops in the water!"

Miles (3.5) standing on Dan's back in the pool at the Y: "I'm the king of 'da YMCA!!"

Miles (3.5) yelling to dad from inside a child play zone cage, faced pressed against the netting. "DADDY WE'RE PLAYING PHOENIX! …… "I'M MAKING FRIENDS!"

Miles 3.5 doesn't understand rhymes but loves to make up lyrics. "HAVE YOU EVER SEEN A MOOSE. KISSING A RHINOCEROUS. DOWN BY THE BAY DOWN BY THE BAYYY HAHAHAH"

Mommy at bedtime to Miles: I'm so happy I get to be your mommy.
Miles: I'm so happy I get to be your baby.

Miles (3.5) Watching us play headbands. Max is guessing what he is. Miles huge smile on his face covering his mouth with his hands bursts out finally "YOU'RE A SNAKE!" Then covers his face up again

Daddy playing piano, miles comes up "I have an even better song daddy" and plays a scale on the bells

Max "if we had a third kid then I would be like auntie Heidi and Miles would be like auntie Katie"
Miles "then I would be like byowwww! Baba byowwww!" *air horn impersonation*

Auntie Danielle "max when you make the bucks I'll come to every game and Watch you"
Max 30 mins later "if I play in another country will you come and watch me still?"
Auntie Danielle "yes of course! Are you going to play on Spain or Germany or something?"
Max "there's this team called the Detroit pistons"

Miles (3) calls grilled salmon "tiger fish"

Max (5) who did the Packers pick
Me (37) I don't know yet do you want to watch?
Max: no, if it's a big big fat guy, I don't like him. If he's a skinny guy who looks fancy and thinks he's cool, then I like him

The kids caught a spider and named it webber

Miles (3.5) calls pop "Minnesota sauce"

Miles (3.5) squeezes toothpaste onto his brush after much difficulty.
"I did it daddy! I'm learning how to!"

Mom: Miles, will you stay little forever?
Miles (3.75): Yeah.
Mom: ok good
Miles: Actually, no. I will grow bigger and bigger. And I'll be a grown up, and I'll still be your friend when I'm a grown up.
Mom: ohh good! I will always be your friend because I love you.

Max (6) daddy why do you always wear pretty shirts when you go golfing

Miles (3.8) mommy said jackandlola are not in Chicago, jackandlola are in the Milwaukee bucks

 Miles (3.9) daddy daddy daddy daddy daddy daddy do komodo dragons get sunburned

Miles (3.9) mommy can you put my popcorn in the freezerator so it won't get moldy

Max (6): Is this ball shrinking or am I getting bigger?

Miles (3.9) hot dogs are related to sticks! Because they're both lines

Miles (3.9) daddy daddy daddy daddy daddy daddy slime is not boogers slime is just related to boogers

Miles (4) people are actually animals. Because people are monkeys. They're just talking monkeys

Miles (4) The other day, we asked miles who he wanted to invite to his birthday party and he listed some friend and then said, "River and Winter, but they can't bring their dogs"

Fish names

Pongo
Perdita
Fire
Wiggly
Spot
Floppy tail
Kitty
Bobcat


Big fin
Black handsome
Lazer eyes
Stripes
Red flash


Ghost (shrimp)

Snails
Shell
Hard
Slimer
Slimey
Sticker

Dad (37) wipes miles (4) nose
"NOOOO DON'T PICK MY BOOGERS THEY HELP ME SURVIVE!"

Miles yells animalistically as he pushes the back of my seat with his legs
Dad (37) milo what are you doing
Miles (4) I'M TRYING TO BREAK THE CAR

Max (6) guess what daddy! I played three football games and we lost ALL of them. Our team SUCKED!

Miles (4) "daddy watch this"
*gears up to jump from couch to blowup mattress, then stops and looks at me very stern*
"I can't do a somersault on the street because I would hurt my head"
*taps head with eye contact, turns and executes perfect somersault*
